TODO.md, before:

# To-Do

## High Priorities

- Finish custom auth app
  - Forgot password
    - Enter email and send reset link
    - Reset with code and new password
  - Change password
    - Reset with code and new password
- Create dictionary app
  - Define class structure
    - Abstract models
      - TimestampedModel
        - date_created
        - date_updated
    - Interfaces
      - Word
        - get_entries()
        - is_homograph()
        - get_word()
    - Enumerations
      - IconCategory
        - adjective
        - adverb
        - connective
        - noun
        - preposition
        - punctuation
        - verbIrregular
        - verbModal
        - verbRegular
        - verbTwoPart
    - Models
      - DictionaryEntry
        - id
        - icon
        - mp3
        - data
        - get_data()
        - set_data(str)
      - SingleEntry
      - Homograph
        - dictionary_entries
      - SearchTerm
        - id
        - get_words()
      - SearchResult
        - id
        - term
        - word
      - MP3
        - id
        - data
        - get_data_b64()
      - Icon
        - id
        - data
        - category
        - get_data_b64()
        - get_dictionary_entries()

## Medium Priorities

- Change format of Response objects from HTML to JSON

## Low Priorities

- Work out any translation bugs
- Move password errors to password field in registration endpoint
- Change serializer imports to only include abstract.py

Commit message:

Fix bugs in serializers and tests
There was a bug in RegisterVerifyTests.test_success that was including
the prefix "Bearer " in the query string, which resulted in a false
positive. The prefix was removed from the query string in both
`test_success` and `test_invalid_token`.

To account for the difference between query strings and Authorization
headers, an overridden `validate_access` was added to
RegisterVerifySerializer. In both instances of `validate_access`,
another bug was corrected by raising ValidationError where and error
message was simply listed when it should have been included in an
exception.

TODO.md, after:

# To-Do

## High Priorities

- Finish custom auth app
  - Forgot password
    - Enter email and send reset link
    - Reset with code and new password
  - Change password
    - Reset with code and new password
- Create dictionary app
  - Define class structure
    - Abstract models
      - TimestampedModel
        - date_created
        - date_updated
    - Interfaces
      - Word
        - get_entries()
        - is_homograph()
        - get_word()
    - Enumerations
      - IconCategory
        - adjective
        - adverb
        - connective
        - noun
        - preposition
        - punctuation
        - verbIrregular
        - verbModal
        - verbRegular
        - verbTwoPart
    - Models
      - DictionaryEntry
        - id
        - icon
        - mp3
        - data
        - get_data()
        - set_data(str)
      - SingleEntry
      - Homograph
        - dictionary_entries
      - SearchTerm
        - id
        - get_words()
      - SearchResult
        - id
        - term
        - word
      - MP3
        - id
        - data
        - get_data_b64()
      - Icon
        - id
        - data
        - category
        - get_data_b64()
        - get_dictionary_entries()

## Medium Priorities

- Assert that all Response objects are of content-type 'application/json'

## Low Priorities

- Move password errors to password field in registration endpoint
- Change serializer imports to only include abstract.py
- Change TOKEN_REGEX to a regular expression object
- Remove unused imports
